hello everyone this is mr bring junkie
here and today we'll be talking about a
very controversial movie called the girl
next door
and honestly it was very intense and
made me question the very
aspect of human nature so to those of
you with frail hearts and weak stomachs
be warned so we're introduced to our
main character
david and on first impression i thought
he was a typical heartless wall street
banker
then we see hector salamanca from
breaking bad crossing the street
and we find out the truth about how he
actually ended up in a wheelchair
joking aside though as soon as the old
homeless man was hit by the vehicle
our protagonist quickly dived down to
give him mouth to mouth
trying everything to save the seemingly
insignificant person
which he succeeds in doing we find out
through david's internal monologue that
he has had unsuccessful marriages
no kids and is very depressed because of
something very traumatic
that happened in his childhood he takes
out a
painting of what seems like a boy on the
riverside
and reflects about his past this boy is
revealed to be himself when he was very
young
it is by this river in the painting that
he met meg
a sweet girl which he quickly fell in
love with
david just moved into the neighborhood
and meg
lives right next door with her lives her
sister
susan her aunt ruth and her cousins
donny willie and ralphie there's also mr
greasy hair
and another two girls which all hangs
out together
very often we're introduced to the
culture of this group
as they played a game of tag although
innocent on the surface we can sense an
aura of perverse as they tie up the
blindfolded girl
and forced her to confess to sexual
misconduct
while mr greasy hair lowered a giant
snake onto her skirt
at night david meets meg again and
clearly they're attracted to each other
this is also when we find out that meg's
parents died
in an accident and that is why they're
living with their aunt
and cousins the next morning we see the
gang is hanging out again
in and ruthless house however this time
only the boys are present
notice how they're all underage yet
allowed to drink alcohol and smoke
cigarettes
correct me if i'm wrong but i don't
think it was normal for parents to allow
their kids
such behaviors even in the 1950s
anyways we also see miss ruth lift up
her skirts in front of the boys
with very revealing undergarments as she
reminisces about the past and how
circuses used to have strippers
but not anymore at this point i'm sure
something is very wrong with this woman
and clearly she's unfit for any sort of
parenting
also notice how there is no mention or
appearance of her husband
which clearly is a big factor in her
psyche
her indulgence of the boys is further
contrasted with her strictness for meg
as she forbids her to eat on the excuse
of not letting her get
fat which is clearly absurd as meg is in
no way under any standard
be considered fat her mistreating meg is
most likely due to her jealousy
towards her being young and attractive
this is clearly showcased when meg
refused to help her
burn down some bug infestations after
ruth demonstrated how it should be done
she accuses meg of calling her
unfeminine because burning bugs
is not something a woman should do
however these were words that she
put in meg's mouth and it only showed
her unhappiness about herself
the ant's abuse can also be shown on
meg's little sister
as she forces the crippled girl to be
useful and
gather the laundries while clearly
understanding that she is handicapped
besides always starving meg on the
excuse of keeping her
thin ruth also disloused her to do any
watercolors
but david being a young and optimistic
kid
encouraged her to continue her passion
and believes
it was only a miscommunication
eventually
meg paints a drawing for david which is
the same one we saw in the beginning of
the film
however whether intentionally or not
david gifted this to ruth in mag's name
thinking this would mend the bond
between the two
but it backfires and only serves to fuel
the hatred for the sisters
things eventually gets out of hand when
meg's three cousins
sexually harasses her in the name of
tickling her for
fun she pushes one of them back in
self-defense
but was met with violent punishment from
her aunt
however instead of hitting meg she uses
her love for susan
as a means of psychological torture and
strikes her behind
while one of the boys holds her
underwear down they also force
david to watch all of this madness while
it occurs
no doubt this has crossed the line for
meg and she bravely goes to a police
officer to seek for help
nonetheless the lawman was unable to
find anything substantial to convict
the ant but his presence and max
retaliation
angered her greatly ruthless wrath is
shown
when david sneaks into the basement and
sees his crush
being tied up with two ropes each on her
arm
blindfolded and books put underneath her
for the purpose of torture
this was all done of course in front of
the whole family
including susan her very own sister the
crazy
end then instructs her boys to undress
her all the way down
unless she confesses to all their
ridiculous accusations
to add insult to injury they even told
her purposely
that david her crush was there just to
humiliate her even more
they eventually left her in the basement
for the whole night
with her arms tied up and stripped naked
the boys have a conversation about how
meg is feeling right now
but none of the sons showed any kind of
compassion
david proposed that they go and help her
but the others only agreed
so that they can see her naked the group
makes it down into the basement
and hears meg pleading for them to give
her some water
which they did so that she stays quiet
they then say that they will loosen her
ropes a bit
only if they get to touch her meg
refuses
and is met with the test from her
cousins
david could not watch any longer as his
friend suffers
and helps her himself despite the
dangers
the next day we see ruth feeding meg a
piece of bread
probably because she doesn't want this
to be blown out of proportions
meg refuses not because she was
disobedient
but rather her mouth was so dry from
their abuse
that she literally couldn't swallow
anything
yet ruth still finds some way to blame
her for this
in my opinion she's clearly a woman who
feels powerless in her life on some
aspects
therefore she must obtain power by
controlling those who were under her
mercy
as a result of meg not eating her food
susan was stripped down
and whipped again right in front of her
sister
later we see david witness that not only
meg's cousins
but also the neighborhood kids are all
down in the basement and kicking meg
around like a rag doll
he tries to help her after the group
left but is only confronted by ruth
from behind this clearly demonstrates
that she
knows about the neighborhood kids coming
here perhaps she even encouraged
their behaviors frightened david runs
home and contemplates about what to do
next
he eventually decides to inform his
mother but second guesses himself and
eventually stops
i think the fact that ruth is an adult
waited heavily on david's hesitance
as he felt he cannot question the
decision of a grown-up
later he finds his father and asks him
whether it was wrong to hit a woman what
he received though
was a mixed answer as his father stated
that everything is never that simple
sometimes a man can be pushed very far
that they have little choice
however he also told him to never hit a
girl under any circumstances
and more importantly to always mind his
own business
this gave david enough resolve as he
conjures up a plan to free meg and her
sister
he informs meg that he unlocked the back
door to the basement so that she can
escape
he also left some money under the big
rock in which they met the first time
he promised that they will come back for
susan at a later time
as she must escape first he will then
call the cops and arrest ruth
david waited and waited but saw no signs
of movement
from his neighboring house he goes to
the big rock
and to his surprise the money was still
there he knew something was wrong
he rushes to the basement and finds what
i can only say
is an image from hell meg is tied up
and forced to have sex with his cousin
willie
this is supervised by ruth and watched
as if it was a television show of some
sort by the kids of the neighbors
including the two girls who played tag
with them earlier
and meg's own sister what's even worse
ruth then tries to get david to rape his
friend
which of course he refuses ruth then
burns a piece of metal and permanently
scars meg's body with sexual profanities
laughing and commenting that she will no
longer get married
since she won't be able to take off her
clothing anymore
just before we thought that the worst is
over ruth claims that in order to save
meg from
all the dishonest men out there she has
to make sure she no longer
felt pleasure therefore she brings over
a torch
and performs her version of female
circumcision
david tries to escape and reach help but
is knocked to the ground
and passed out when he wakes up he finds
a wounded mag
lying on the bed with her sister
helplessly caressing her hair
susan blames herself for meg's current
predicament
because instead of leaving meg tried to
get susan and was caught
in the process david explains that it
was not her fault
and they must find a way to escape he
successfully lights up a fire which
alerts ruth
to come downstairs he beats her
repeatedly with susan's crotch
until willy comes and pulls a knife on
him
luckily before any harm can be done the
fire also alerted the police officers
who stops and arrests all the offenders
in the basement
david lies down beside meg on the rugged
bed
unable to withhold his tears he tries to
comfort her and tells her that they will
make it this time
meg thanks him and says that david is
like a dream to her
but he never let her go in this
nightmare that meg lives in
he was the only thing that was real she
eventually succumbs to her wounds
while david cries and screams
no we come back to present time and sees
that david is scarred by this memory
he always feels like that he's let
someone down no matter how hard he tries
his only comfort is the phrase whispered
to him from meg
during your childhood it's what you did
last
that truly matters although david fails
to see it
but he was truly the savior of susan
and meg so what do you guys think about
this movie please let me know in the
comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you